---
title: School Canteen Advertisement
permalink: /permalink/school-canteen-ad/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Malay Food Stall</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>02 February 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Rice or noodle stalls are acceptable</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><h4><strong>Application Procedure</strong></h4><p></p><p>1. Download and complete the application form from MOE’s website at:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.moe.gov.sg/canteens</a> <em>&nbsp;or obtain a copy from the&nbsp;</em>school’s General Office.</p><p><br><a href="/files/Canteen_Stall_Application_Form.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application Form</a></p><p></p><p>2. Attached the following documents together with the Application Form:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p></li><li><p>One recent passport-sized photograph (colour)</p></li><li><p>List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p></li></ul><p></p><p>3. Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School's General Office.</p><p></p><p><strong>Address</strong>: Gan Eng Seng Primary School, 100 Redhill Close, Singapore 158901<br><strong>Contact</strong> No: 6471 7451<br><strong>Email</strong>: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">gesps@moe.edu.sg</a><br><strong>Contact Person</strong>: Mdm Ariel Lee</p><p></p><h4><strong>How to get there?</strong></h4><p><strong>Nearest MRT</strong>: Redhill MRT Station – 10 minutes walking distance<br><strong>Bus numbe</strong>r: Along Redhill Road: Bus 63&nbsp; / Jalan Bukit Merah: Bus 14, 147, 196, 197, 961, 855</p><p></p><h4><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p></li><li><p>Applicant must be either a Muslim or a non-Muslim with Halal Certification.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the "Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)" guidelines (see <a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a>).</p></li><li><p>Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p></li><li><p>Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p></li><li><p>Must be in attendance at the stall during operating hours between 6.15am to 3.30pm on weekdays during school term.</p></li></ul><p></p><h4><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfill the following criteria:</strong></h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.</p></li><li><p>Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p></li></ul><p></p><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant's own expense.</em></p>